com/main/app/service/brand/BrandServiceImpl.java
 com.main.app.service.brand.BrandServiceImpl
com/main/app/static_data/Constants.java
 com.main.app.static_data.Constants
com/main/app/service/email/PasswordRecoveryEmailServiceImpl.java
 com.main.app.service.email.PasswordRecoveryEmailServiceImpl
com/main/app/controller/category/CategoryController.java
 com.main.app.controller.category.CategoryController
com/main/app/exception/InvalidPasswordException.java
 com.main.app.exception.InvalidPasswordException
com/main/app/service/email/SubmitContactEmailServiceImpl.java
 com.main.app.service.email.SubmitContactEmailServiceImpl
com/main/app/domain/dto/user/RegisterRequestDTO.java
 com.main.app.domain.dto.user.RegisterRequestDTO
 com.main.app.domain.dto.user.RegisterRequestDTO$RegisterRequestDTOBuilder
com/main/app/elastic/repository/attribute/AttributeElasticRepository.java
 com.main.app.elastic.repository.attribute.AttributeElasticRepository
com/main/app/elastic/repository/attribute/AttributeElasticRepositoryBuilderImpl.java
 com.main.app.elastic.repository.attribute.AttributeElasticRepositoryBuilderImpl
com/main/app/service/attribute/AttributeService.java
 com.main.app.service.attribute.AttributeService
com/main/app/elastic/repository/attribute/AttributeElasticRepositoryBuilder.java
 com.main.app.elastic.repository.attribute.AttributeElasticRepositoryBuilder
com/main/app/domain/model/AbstractEntity.java
 com.main.app.domain.model.AbstractEntity
com/main/app/controller/elasticsearch_reindex/ElasticsearchReindexController.java
 com.main.app.controller.elasticsearch_reindex.ElasticsearchReindexController
com/main/app/config/OAuth2SecurityConfig.java
 com.main.app.config.OAuth2SecurityConfig
com/main/app/domain/dto/user/LanguageDTO.java
 com.main.app.domain.dto.user.LanguageDTO
com/main/app/service/user/UserService.java
 com.main.app.service.user.UserService
com/main/app/elastic/dto/brand/BrandElasticDTO.java
 com.main.app.elastic.dto.brand.BrandElasticDTO
com/main/app/elastic/dto/attribute/AttributeElasticDTO.java
 com.main.app.elastic.dto.attribute.AttributeElasticDTO
com/main/app/elastic/repository/user/UserElasticRepository.java
 com.main.app.elastic.repository.user.UserElasticRepository
com/main/app/service/attribute_value/AttributeValueServiceImpl.java
 com.main.app.service.attribute_value.AttributeValueServiceImpl
com/main/app/domain/model/brand/Brand.java
 com.main.app.domain.model.brand.Brand
 com.main.app.domain.model.brand.Brand$BrandBuilder
com/main/app/domain/dto/category/CategoryDTO.java
 com.main.app.domain.dto.category.CategoryDTO
 com.main.app.domain.dto.category.CategoryDTO$CategoryDTOBuilder
com/main/app/service/email/MailContentBuilder.java
 com.main.app.service.email.MailContentBuilder
com/main/app/enums/Role.java
 com.main.app.enums.Role
com/main/app/converter/attribute/AttributeConverter.java
 com.main.app.converter.attribute.AttributeConverter
com/main/app/domain/dto/user/EmailDTO.java
 com.main.app.domain.dto.user.EmailDTO
com/main/app/service/user/UserServiceImpl.java
 com.main.app.service.user.UserServiceImpl
com/main/app/converter/user/UserConverter.java
 com.main.app.converter.user.UserConverter
com/main/app/static_data/Messages.java
 com.main.app.static_data.Messages
com/main/app/controller/attribute/AttributeController.java
 com.main.app.controller.attribute.AttributeController
com/main/app/util/ObjectMapperUtils.java
 com.main.app.util.ObjectMapperUtils
com/main/app/domain/model/user/User.java
 com.main.app.domain.model.user.User
 com.main.app.domain.model.user.User$UserBuilder
com/main/app/controller/brand/BrandController.java
 com.main.app.controller.brand.BrandController
com/main/app/util/JmbgValidatorUtil.java
 com.main.app.util.JmbgValidatorUtil
com/main/app/elastic/dto/EntityElasticDTO.java
 com.main.app.elastic.dto.EntityElasticDTO
com/main/app/service/attribute_value/AttributeValueService.java
 com.main.app.service.attribute_value.AttributeValueService
com/main/app/domain/model/category/Category.java
 com.main.app.domain.model.category.Category
 com.main.app.domain.model.category.Category$CategoryBuilder
com/main/app/controller/user/UserController.java
 com.main.app.controller.user.UserController
com/main/app/util/UserUtil.java
 com.main.app.util.UserUtil
com/main/app/converter/attribute_value/AttributeValueConverter.java
 com.main.app.converter.attribute_value.AttributeValueConverter
com/main/app/service/email/RegistrationEmailServiceImpl.java
 com.main.app.service.email.RegistrationEmailServiceImpl
com/main/app/elastic/repository/attribute_value/AttributeValueElasticRepositoryBuilder.java
 com.main.app.elastic.repository.attribute_value.AttributeValueElasticRepositoryBuilder
com/main/app/exception/TokenExpiredException.java
 com.main.app.exception.TokenExpiredException
com/main/app/elastic/dto/attribute_value/AttributeValueElasticDTO.java
 com.main.app.elastic.dto.attribute_value.AttributeValueElasticDTO
com/main/app/domain/dto/attribute_value/AttributeValueDTO.java
 com.main.app.domain.dto.attribute_value.AttributeValueDTO
 com.main.app.domain.dto.attribute_value.AttributeValueDTO$AttributeValueDTOBuilder
com/main/app/config/JpaConfig.java
 com.main.app.config.JpaConfig
com/main/app/converter/brand/BrandConverter.java
 com.main.app.converter.brand.BrandConverter
com/main/app/service/attribute/AttributeServiceImpl.java
 com.main.app.service.attribute.AttributeServiceImpl
com/main/app/config/auditor_aware/AuditorAwareImpl.java
 com.main.app.config.auditor_aware.AuditorAwareImpl
com/main/app/service/email/EmailClient.java
 com.main.app.service.email.EmailClient
com/main/app/repository/category/CategoryRepository.java
 com.main.app.repository.category.CategoryRepository
com/main/app/elastic/repository/user/UserElasticRepositoryBuilder.java
 com.main.app.elastic.repository.user.UserElasticRepositoryBuilder
com/main/app/domain/dto/attribute/AttributeDTO.java
 com.main.app.domain.dto.attribute.AttributeDTO
 com.main.app.domain.dto.attribute.AttributeDTO$AttributeDTOBuilder
com/main/app/service/category/CategoryServiceImpl.java
 com.main.app.service.category.CategoryServiceImpl
com/main/app/domain/dto/brand/BrandDTO.java
 com.main.app.domain.dto.brand.BrandDTO
 com.main.app.domain.dto.brand.BrandDTO$BrandDTOBuilder
com/main/app/service/user/CurrentUserService.java
 com.main.app.service.user.CurrentUserService
com/main/app/config/auditor_aware/AuditorAwareConfig.java
 com.main.app.config.auditor_aware.AuditorAwareConfig
com/main/app/elastic/repository/brand/BrandElasticRepositoryBuilderImpl.java
 com.main.app.elastic.repository.brand.BrandElasticRepositoryBuilderImpl
com/main/app/domain/dto/user/ContactDTO.java
 com.main.app.domain.dto.user.ContactDTO
com/main/app/domain/model/attribute_value/AttributeValue.java
 com.main.app.domain.model.attribute_value.AttributeValue
 com.main.app.domain.model.attribute_value.AttributeValue$AttributeValueBuilder
com/main/app/repository/user/UserRepository.java
 com.main.app.repository.user.UserRepository
com/main/app/elastic/repository/category/CategoryElasticRepositoryBuilder.java
 com.main.app.elastic.repository.category.CategoryElasticRepositoryBuilder
com/main/app/service/user/CurrentUserServiceImpl.java
 com.main.app.service.user.CurrentUserServiceImpl
com/main/app/config/MigrationConfig.java
 com.main.app.config.MigrationConfig
com/main/app/elastic/repository/brand/BrandElasticRepositoryBuilder.java
 com.main.app.elastic.repository.brand.BrandElasticRepositoryBuilder
com/main/app/elastic/repository/attribute_value/AttributeValueElasticRepositoryBuilderImpl.java
 com.main.app.elastic.repository.attribute_value.AttributeValueElasticRepositoryBuilderImpl
com/main/app/service/category/CategoryService.java
 com.main.app.service.category.CategoryService
com/main/app/AppApplication.java
 com.main.app.AppApplication
com/main/app/config/CustomUserDetailsService.java
 com.main.app.config.CustomUserDetailsService
com/main/app/domain/dto/user/PasswordUpdateDTO.java
 com.main.app.domain.dto.user.PasswordUpdateDTO
com/main/app/config/AuthorizationServerConfig.java
 com.main.app.config.AuthorizationServerConfig
com/main/app/repository/attribute_value/AttributeValueRepository.java
 com.main.app.repository.attribute_value.AttributeValueRepository
com/main/app/service/brand/BrandService.java
 com.main.app.service.brand.BrandService
com/main/app/util/DateTimeUtil.java
 com.main.app.util.DateTimeUtil
com/main/app/config/CustomWebMvcAutoConfig.java
 com.main.app.config.CustomWebMvcAutoConfig
com/main/app/service/email/RegistrationEmailService.java
 com.main.app.service.email.RegistrationEmailService
com/main/app/config/ResourceServerConfig.java
 com.main.app.config.ResourceServerConfig
com/main/app/elastic/repository/brand/BrandElasticRepository.java
 com.main.app.elastic.repository.brand.BrandElasticRepository
com/main/app/elastic/repository/category/CategoryElasticRepository.java
 com.main.app.elastic.repository.category.CategoryElasticRepository
com/main/app/elastic/repository/category/CategoryElasticRepositoryBuilderImpl.java
 com.main.app.elastic.repository.category.CategoryElasticRepositoryBuilderImpl
com/main/app/domain/dto/Entities.java
 com.main.app.domain.dto.Entities
com/main/app/controller/attribute_value/AttributeValueController.java
 com.main.app.controller.attribute_value.AttributeValueController
com/main/app/util/MD5HashUtil.java
 com.main.app.util.MD5HashUtil
com/main/app/elastic/repository/attribute_value/AttributeValueElasticRepository.java
 com.main.app.elastic.repository.attribute_value.AttributeValueElasticRepository
com/main/app/config/CORSFilterConfig.java
 com.main.app.config.CORSFilterConfig
com/main/app/repository/attribute/AttributeRepository.java
 com.main.app.repository.attribute.AttributeRepository
com/main/app/repository/brand/BrandRepository.java
 com.main.app.repository.brand.BrandRepository
com/main/app/elastic/repository/user/UserElasticRepositoryBuilderImpl.java
 com.main.app.elastic.repository.user.UserElasticRepositoryBuilderImpl
com/main/app/config/SecurityUtils.java
 com.main.app.config.SecurityUtils
com/main/app/elastic/dto/category/CategoryElasticDTO.java
 com.main.app.elastic.dto.category.CategoryElasticDTO
com/main/app/util/Util.java
 com.main.app.util.Util
com/main/app/service/email/PasswordRecoveryEmailService.java
 com.main.app.service.email.PasswordRecoveryEmailService
com/main/app/domain/model/attribute/Attribute.java
 com.main.app.domain.model.attribute.Attribute
 com.main.app.domain.model.attribute.Attribute$AttributeBuilder
com/main/app/domain/dto/user/EmailPassDTO.java
 com.main.app.domain.dto.user.EmailPassDTO
com/main/app/converter/category/CategoryConverter.java
 com.main.app.converter.category.CategoryConverter
com/main/app/service/email/SubmitContactEmailService.java
 com.main.app.service.email.SubmitContactEmailService
com/main/app/elastic/dto/user/UserElasticDTO.java
 com.main.app.elastic.dto.user.UserElasticDTO
com/main/app/domain/dto/user/UserDTO.java
 com.main.app.domain.dto.user.UserDTO
 com.main.app.domain.dto.user.UserDTO$UserDTOBuilder
com/main/app/domain/dto/user/PasswordDTO.java
 com.main.app.domain.dto.user.PasswordDTO
com/main/app/service/elasticsearch_reindex/ElasticsearchReindexService.java
 com.main.app.service.elasticsearch_reindex.ElasticsearchReindexService
com/main/app/config/ElasticsearchConfig.java
 com.main.app.config.ElasticsearchConfig
